in this video i will show you how to
drastically lower input delay boost fps
and fix fps drops in every single game
that you play i'm going to show you how
to drastically boost fps in fortnite
valorent call of duty apex legends
minecraft and any other game that you
play using an optimization tool called
the links utility developed by some of
my friends this utility allows you to
tweak and optimize your windows graphics
card other softwares and even the bios
settings easily through its simple
interface and will tremendously increase
your fps fix any status due to useful
tweaks built into it and i'm gonna be
showing you guys how to use it to get
the maximum performance out of your
computer this will make sure that you're
getting the best fps and as low latency
or input delay as possible on your
machine while gaming also all of these
methods work for any other game that you
might play as well so feel free to use
it for any game that you want but before
if you guys want to support me don't
forget to leave a like on this video it
will only take you guys a second and
would help me out so so much and use
code recognitic for further support on
the channel and without any further ado
let's get straight into today's video
all right so the utility i'm talking
about is this one called the links
utility and you can go ahead and
purchase it for just 10 euros on their
discord server the link can be found in
the description down below all you need
to do is join the discord server and
they will go ahead and guide you through
the whole process it's really simple
easy and they're 100 trusted as i said
they're some of my friends who develop
this utility and they know what they're
doing so once you have purchased it and
got your logins all you need to do is
download the utility through the discord
server and then go ahead and log into it
you will be greeted with this welcome
screen and i'm gonna be going ahead and
guiding you through this whole utility
so we're gonna go into the basic tweaks
first of all and you can already see a
bunch of tweaks inside of here there are
the bcd edit tweaks the latency there
the tweak windows settings delete micro
code visual tweaks or disabling any
windows on animations disable up
scheduler tweaks enable full screen
exclusive all the storage tweaks for
your hdd and ssds mouse tweaks for your
mouse input usb tweaks disabling power
savings on your usbs import power plan
this is going to import their own power
plan and the classic alt tab which
basically goes ahead and puts the
animation for the old l tab instead of
the new one so these are all of the
tweaks inside of the basics one which i
highly recommend all of you to apply now
i have been using this utility for quite
a while now and i have already applied
all of these tweaks although due to some
of my work and irl things i haven't been
able to benchmark but i have seen a
difference in fps as well as the input
while playing the game all right so
let's move on to the expert and inside
of here there are the tweak csrss
priority then there is the disable heap
monitor tweak device manager disable
security features disable mitigations
enable msi mode for your gpu basically
as you might see that all of these are
the tweaks that i have recommended a lot
of time in my videos then there is the
disabled telemetry kernel tweaks disable
dma remapping sets the windows 132
priority separation to 26 dwm tweaks and
then there are the power tweaks such as
disabling hibernation once again all of
the tweaks that i've been recommending
for a long time and they're now so easy
to apply all you need to do is just one
click on any of these and that's it they
are applied then there are the network
tweaks setting a static ip can
tremendously help you with lowering your
ping and the overall network latency so
i would highly recommend it so just go
ahead and set the static ip instead of
using a dynamic one also after setting
this ip to static you can go ahead and
disable some of the services related to
network so that's a plus point as well
then there is the optimized network
adapter setting which i am pretty sure
you all are familiar with and then there
are the apply hit reg tweaks which are
gonna go ahead and help you with the
network latency and the hit registration
that's all basically then there is the
nvidia section now this one is for your
graphics card so the first thing that
this is going to do is import the nvidia
profile with the settings already
applied then there is the disabled
nvidia telemetry monitor tweaks
unrestricted policy which is going to go
ahead and help you achieve higher gpu
clocks and then there is the disable
hdcp which is going to go ahead and
speed up the process of transmission of
audio and video real display scaling it
sets it if it's supported and then there
is the disable write combining enable
gpu scheduling and 4 speed 0 state which
is of course as it says here highest and
most effective or efficient power state
for gaming then there is the amd section
now unfortunately i don't have an amd
gpu therefore i cannot show you those
tweaks however for anyone using the amd
gpus you're going to find a lot of
useful tweaks inside of there as well so
go ahead and apply those and i'm pretty
sure you're gonna go ahead and see a
huge difference now lastly we are going
to go ahead and open up the bios
settings and for this one now
unfortunately my processor does not
support the ami sce method of tweaking
the bios therefore these tweaks were not
useful for me because i'm using an older
cpu it's an i5 2400 but if you're using
anything newer then you're gonna be just
blown away with the effects of these
bios tweaks so for intel users you're
gonna go ahead and disable hyper
threading for amd users you're gonna go
ahead and disable the smt they're
basically the equivalent of each other
just for intel and amd and then there
are the tweak hidden settings for bios
and the same thing for amd so go ahead
and select your processor apply both of
these tweaks and that's basically it
that's all you guys would need to do so
once again like i said this whole
program is just for 10 euros which i
think is a steal and the license is
lifetime and they just go ahead and keep
updating it from time to time the
support service is always up 24 7 so if
you have any issues which i did not
really have but if you do have any
issues then you can go ahead and just
ask them on their discord and they will
reply to you as soon as possible i've
been wanting to review this tool for a
really long time but due to the fact
that i was busy irl this had to be
delayed however finally i am able to
review this and i think it's one of the
best tools for tweaking your computers
out there right now so i would highly
recommend everyone who wants to get into
it who doesn't want to tweak their pc on
their own or just wants all these tweaks
condensed into one place i would highly
recommend you to go ahead and purchase
this one and as i said the license is
lifetime so you're just gonna have to
put in the 10 euros just one time and
that's basically it so go on to the
discord server and go ahead and purchase
it from there you can go ahead and pay
through paypal or even cryptocurrency
all you're gonna need to do is create a
ticket and just purchase it from there
and that's basically it so yeah guys i
will also link the useful guides in the
description of this video which will
actually help you with gaining more fps
and lowering the input delay so make
sure to check those out if you have any
questions feel free to drop them in the
comments and i would try to reply to
every single one of you and with that i
guess i'll see you guys in the next one
until then stay awesome
you